feat(changelog): functions-fixed-functions-cron-trigger-validation-rules 2025-02-24 (#4481)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/february2025/2025-02-24-functions-fixed-functions-cron-trigger-validation-rules.mdx

---
title: Functions CRON trigger validation rules
status: fixed
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #serverless-functions channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2025-02-24
category: serverless
product: functions
---

> Validaiton rules fror CRON creation via the Console are now fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Issues with validation rules for CRON creation via the Scaleway [console](https://console.scaleway.com/) have been fixed.
```
